SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 29 (#11409)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/controls/datagrid-control-overview-windows-forms.md

  
 If the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.DataGrid> is bound to data with multiple related tables, and if navigation is enabled on the grid, the grid will display expanders in each row. With an expander, the user can move from a parent table to a child table. Clicking a node displays the child table, and clicking a back button displays the original parent table. In this manner, the grid displays the hierarchical relationships between tables.  
  

>  The following screen shot shows a DataGrid bound to data with multiple tables:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The following screenshot shows a DataGrid bound to data with multiple tables:  
```

>  ![Diagram that shows a DataGrid bound to data with multiple tables.](./media/datagrid-control-overview-windows-forms/datagrid-bound-multiple-tables.gif)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![A WinForms app showing a DataGrid bound to data with multiple tables.](./media/datagrid-control-overview-windows-forms/datagrid-bound-multiple-tables.gif)  
```
